Because telescopes work using mirrors, we'll never know if there are any space vampires.
If the Mythbusters made a show with the guys from Jackass (testing the myths on them) it would be spectacular.
Marrying someone with kids is like continuing from someone else's game save file.
Goat Simulator is to video games what Sharknado is to movies.
It's ironic to me that the people who believe God will warn them to build an ark when the flood comes are the same ones refusing to listen to scientists warning them of rising sea levels.
What if when you die, you're reincarnated as a moth. All the moths we see are souls in purgatory, and the reason moths are attracted to bright lights is because the souls are looking for "The Light."
Video game monsters always carry gold because that's what the villain paid them to kill you.
I would have been called crazy 20 years ago if I would have said Dr Dre would become a billionaire and well-respected rapper while Bill Cosby would become a rapist.
If you filled a Humidifier with Holy Water, you could have a portable exorcism machine.
The phrase "I never sucked his dick" has a different meaning depending on which word you choose to emphasize.
Most kids today will only recognize the Flintstones as cereal mascots
When you yell at your dog for barking at people, does he realize you're trying to quiet him, or does he think you're joining in?
Whenever I pass by a stranger on the street, I could be an extra in their dreams for the rest of their life.
If aliens ever did visit Earth in the distant past, they probably took video footage to document stuff. There could be real video of dinosaurs out there.
We exist because some greedy fish thought the ocean wasnt big enough
Maybe Breaking Bad was just a cover for the production of illegal methamphetamine on set
When I'm reading about quantum physics, my book is made of atoms that are spelling out the nature of their fundamental reality to the atoms that make up my brain. THE ATOMS ARE COMMUNICATING AMONG THEMSELVES
The most environmentally-friendly thing a person can do is not have children
If I didn't have TV or internet, I would think the world isn't such a bad place.
Following the whole "you are what you eat" saying, Technically cannibals are the most human people on the planet.
Semen Poisoning is a way cooler way to say that you got pregnant.
I find it hard to believe that those safari spheres in Jurassic World didn't have some sort of auto-return feature installed in case of emergency.
Going to church is like attending the world's longest running book-club.
Sippie cups and pacifiers are the toddler equivalent to beer and cigarettes.
Some poor kid in 'Air Bud' got cut from the team to make room for the dog
