Because telescopes work using mirrors, we'll never know if there are any space vampires.
If the Mythbusters made a show with the guys from Jackass (testing the myths on them) it would be spectacular.
Marrying someone with kids is like continuing from someone else's game save file.
Goat Simulator is to video games what Sharknado is to movies.
It's ironic to me that the people who believe God will warn them to build an ark when the flood comes are the same ones refusing to listen to scientists warning them of rising sea levels.
What if when you die, you're reincarnated as a moth. All the moths we see are souls in purgatory, and the reason moths are attracted to bright lights is because the souls are looking for "The Light."
Video game monsters always carry gold because that's what the villain paid them to kill you.
I would have been called crazy 20 years ago if I would have said Dr Dre would become a billionaire and well-respected rapper while Bill Cosby would become a rapist.
If you filled a Humidifier with Holy Water, you could have a portable exorcism machine.
The phrase "I never sucked his dick" has a different meaning depending on which word you choose to emphasize.
Most kids today will only recognize the Flintstones as cereal mascots
When you yell at your dog for barking at people, does he realize you're trying to quiet him, or does he think you're joining in?
Whenever I pass by a stranger on the street, I could be an extra in their dreams for the rest of their life.
If aliens ever did visit Earth in the distant past, they probably took video footage to document stuff. There could be real video of dinosaurs out there.
We exist because some greedy fish thought the ocean wasnt big enough
Maybe Breaking Bad was just a cover for the production of illegal methamphetamine on set
When I'm reading about quantum physics, my book is made of atoms that are spelling out the nature of their fundamental reality to the atoms that make up my brain. THE ATOMS ARE COMMUNICATING AMONG THEMSELVES
The most environmentally-friendly thing a person can do is not have children
If I didn't have TV or internet, I would think the world isn't such a bad place.
Following the whole "you are what you eat" saying, Technically cannibals are the most human people on the planet.
Semen Poisoning is a way cooler way to say that you got pregnant.
I find it hard to believe that those safari spheres in Jurassic World didn't have some sort of auto-return feature installed in case of emergency.
Going to church is like attending the world's longest running book-club.
Sippie cups and pacifiers are the toddler equivalent to beer and cigarettes.
Some poor kid in 'Air Bud' got cut from the team to make room for the dog
Procrastination is basically you ignoring yourself.
Apple should rename The Apple Store to The Orchard.
The International Space Station is, in a way, the super adult version of the tree house some of us built with our neighbours when we were kids.
We should positively reinforce the living fuck out of health and fitness. Tax breaks, cheaper insurance, better loans, the works.
Getting downvoted into oblivion is a sure fire way to get your comment read by almost everyone
What if cracks in the sidewalk were really just trenches for ants that are fighting in a war
Am I the only one around here that thinks "go fuck your cat" when I see gfycat links?
Almost all words nowadays are rooted in some other language, but long ago, societies just completely made up words with no basis whatsoever in etymology or anything else.
Maybe real life is hosted on a server and people with stutters just have bad internet
If I changed my last name to President, people would have to call me "Mr. President"
I've only ever seen the color hazel used to describe eyes. Nothing else. Not even hazelnuts.
Every fictional book you read is time you've traded from your own life to live someone else's life.
John F. Kennedy had conclusive evidence that Cuba had nukes, but he still managed to keep us out of a war. George W. Bush never proved that Iraq had nukes, but he still started a war that lasted 8 years.
If Bill Nye the Science Guy is ever replaced by a robot, it should be named Eugene the Science Machine
Ironically you almost never see just one Solo cup.
The serpent tricking adam and eve into consuming fruit from the forbidden tree is quite literally the 'oldest trick in the book'.
Wanting to lick toes is considered more weird than wanting to lick genitals
If we're going to store masses of gold bars in underground vaults we should be imprinting knowledge on them.
How did people remember the alphabet before the alphabet song came along?
You can judge a book by its cover. The back cover. There's a summary on it.
I've woken up over 8.000 times in my life and I still suck at it
If you looked through a telescope at a mirror one light-year away, would you see that same spot two years in the past?
My foot looks like an Animorphs book cover depicting a big toe turning into a little toe.
If someone shouts "GET DOWN" or "PUT YOUR HANDS UP", you're about to have a great time, or a really bad one.
Maybe Ant-Man was in the Avengers movies all along, we just never saw him.
Someone from an uncontacted Amazonian tribe going to a major city is probably the closest we will ever get to actually seeing somebody time travel
If I were a rapper, I would make my name include 'Orange' so that no rapper could rhyme a diss about me.
I've considered acting like a sociopath for awhile just to see what people would do...then I realized that's something a sociopath would do.
Horror movies should include a blooper section to help people relax before bed
Soon, when saying "The 20's", we'll have to differentiate between the 1920's and the 2020's.
Wood grows in trees. Trees grow in woods.
The first eighteen years of your life are like a free trial, and after that it's pay to play.
My dad died last night and all I can think about is the possibility of having to interact with people in person that I only know from Facebook while at the funeral
The friendzone is like losing out on a job, then them calling you every week to complain about the guy/girl they hired
People who ask me "What's today's date?" or "What time is it?" could be time travelers confirming their destination.
Michelangelo spent a whole lot of time carving out David's pubes.
If you replace the word God with a girls name in a religious song, it sounds like a creepy love song.
If Febreeze eliminates odor, shouldn't spraying two Febreeze cans together result in no smell?
Pizza places should be open for breakfast and serve the leftover pizza from the previous night.
According to the paralell universe theory, there is a world where I am Emma Watson's wallpaper.
The US Invasion of Panama was code-named "Operation Just Cause." This name is either supremely self righteous or supremely casual.
tl;dr is the millennial version of "yada yada yada"
Nobody hears a car alarm and thinks, "Oh that car is being stolen". It's just an annoying sound that we want to stop.
There is at least one Redditor who is destined for greatness but won't achieve it because they spend too much time on Reddit.
On the bright side, tanning beds are slowly killing the right people.
Dinosaur chicken nuggets are actually made of dinosaur.
Competitive eating is the only sport that should consider marijuana a performance enhancing drug
If you masturbate while high on marijuana does that make you a weed whacker?
Jeb Bush said we should work longer hours to be successful, but I prefer his method- having rich parents.
The more suicidal people, the less suicidal people
Scooby Doo is basically a show that teaches kids that the villains in our lives are usually not strangers, but rather people we know and trust.
Why are girls embarrassed when in a bra and underwear yet eager to be in an even more revealing bikini?
With the amount of "stop, drop, and roll" education I received growing up, I figured catching on fire would be a much larger part of adulthood.
Since a birthdayparty is basically a celebration of not dying for a year, a birthday toast should recap the "close calls" of the past year, so others can be warned of the dangers you've survived.
When Imgur is overloaded, half of the front page of reddit becomes impossible to enjoy...
I wonder how many people have bought a GoPro only to realize that they neither snowboard or mountain bike.
CleverBot programmers should make online people talk to each other. It would make the perfect April's fool.
Anti vaxxers think it's worse to raise a kid with autism than to let a kid die of measles
Saying "I live at work" sounds a lot more hardcore than "I work at home"
The guy who invents a cure for small penises will make a lot more money than the guy who invents the cure for cancer...
As an adult, the beer aisle at the grocery makes me feel exactly like the cereal aisle made me feel as a kid.
Just imagine how pissed off the orphans were when Stuart Little got adopted before them.
Copy and Paste is arguably one of the greatest inventions in the history of the world.
As long as "youtube" comes up before "youporn" when I type "y" into my search bar I'm at least keeping my head above water as far as being a socially functional person goes.
"C" is the most useless letter
